real whiskey is drunk at night
the real risk for everyone and nobody
the real risk for the territory the
real whiskey and for the palates you see it hard
to die the real bischeri ma
overwhelmingly and tear the palate apart
the veil whiskey tine awake and you
upset but does it with style
the real risks are never taken on
serious the real clothes accompanied to
second risk free always tears you
smile
the real risk for the desperate looking
of escape and for the huge exalted of
glory then glory and fugitive glories
losers who shine to losers e
that's enough
loria glory seekers glory whiskey
in the height of the heavens theft
the real whiskey is due to the drop for
do not think
comes after
true taste and like the ball
rolls and finally arrives exactly
ours where it has dry lines of cigars
and cigarettes deal armin elisa impervious
My maps are perdition routes
favorite
whistle the good whiskey and patient you
accompanies and depending on you
known rolls arrive
a little black of your heart
among lost loves
elections and bitterness the real risk
comes down info
on the stomach
and then
hope an all in conical hope
so the real risks for true dreamers
doubts and a rabbit
let the loser shine that the fugitive
find the escape that the hunter finds the
glory glory whiskey in the highest heaven